Minimal sample app for benchmarking (#16045)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/basic/minimal/README.rst

> .. _minimal:

Reviewer: Because these doc labels must be unique across all the documentation, a better name would be ``minimal_sample``

Minimal sample
##############

Overview
********

> An empty ``main()`` with a set of minimal configurations that allows testing the

Reviewer: Make a complete sentence:
```suggestion
This sample defines an empty ``main()`` and a set of minimal
configurations that provide tests for the
```

smallest ROM sizes possible with the Zephyr kernel.

The following configuration files are available:

* :file:`mt.conf`: Enable multithreading
* :file:`no-mt.conf`: Disable multithreading
* :file:`no-preempt.conf`: Disable preemption
* :file:`no-timers.conf`:: Disable timers
* :file:`arm.conf`: Arm-specific disabling of features

Building and measuring ROM size
*******************************

> In order to compare ROM sizes with different minimal configurations the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to compare ROM sizes with different minimal configurations, the
```
